# Bike-Sharing
# The purpose of this analysis is to show potential investors why they should invest in the bike-sharing program in Des Moines. This analysis will show strong data to potentialy sell the investors on why this is such a good investment. 

# Results
# When looking at the Story Book graph, "Amount of Time Bikes are Checked out for all Riders" this graph shows the amount of time that people checked the bikes out along with the number of bikes. If an invesotr and client were able to figure out how many bikes to buy so there is a demand enough of a demand where the bikes were selling out, there could be good profit margins. Witht the graph, "Checked Out Times By Gender," it is clear that more men check out the bikes than women and for a longer period of time. This will help the investor and client know where most of thier market will be. With hte graoh "Tripsby Week Per Hour," this graph shows taht the bussiest times are between 6 am to 9 am and betweeen 5pm to 7pm. Knowing this can help the investor and client know thier peak times and help create promotionals to helps during the slow times and to pick up the busniess during the buessiest time. The graoh "Trips by Gender (weekday per hour) shows that men use the bike-sharing program the most. The graph "User Trips by Gender by Weekday Viz" shows that subscribers checkout bikes more often on week days than customres on the weekends. Also amoung subscribers the bussiest day is Thursday and the sllowest day is Sunday. The graph "Bike Utilization" shows that the bike utilization can be divided into four groups and that maintaincance is an important part of their bussiness. The graph "Top Ending Locations" shows that the most business happens downtown. This helps the investor and client to know where to hav the majority of bikes. 

# Summary
# This story book helps provide the client and investor with data to help grow the busniess and to make the busneiss most profitable. Two more vizuliaitions that would be good for this story book is to show the price margin where most people are willing to pay and to show the response of possibly having a biking tour with the bikes. This would help provide more business. 
[link to dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/profile/kayla.kuhn#!/vizhome/NewYorkCitiBike_16041119332750/Story1?publish=yes "link to dashboard")
